Implement `from_azure_blob_storage` (#5429)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/changes/enough-launch-walked.md

---
title: "`from_azure_blob_storage` operator"
type: feature
authors: raxyte
pr: 5429
---

> We added a `from_azure_blob_storage` operator that works similarly to `from_file` but supports additional Azure Blob Storage specific options.

Reviewer: Let's try to not always use "we fixed", "we added", etc. Make it more interesting:

````suggestion
The new `from_azure_blob_storage` operator works similarly to `from_file` but
supports additional Azure Blob Storage specific options. For example, you can
set the `account_key`:

```tql
from_azure_blob_storage "abfs://container/data/*.csv", account_key="your-account-key"
```
````
